id: tw-bsmi-commodity-inspection-mark-law
url: https://law.moea.gov.tw/EngLawContent.aspx?id=10729&lan=E
title: Ministry of Economic Affairs R.O.C.(Taiwan) -Content
captured_at: 2026-06-25T09:41:53.538Z

Main Content Area
:::
Sitemap
Home
中文版
News
Searching
:::
Location：
Searching
Content
 PDF  Print
 Content
Title：	Regulations Governing the Use of Commodity Inspection Mark Ch
Date：	2026.01.21
Legislative：	1.Adopted and promulgated by Ministerial Order on 9 January 2002.
2.Articles 7, 10, 12, 14 and 17 amended and promulgated by Ministerial Order on 30 October 2002.
3.16 Articles amended and promulgated by Ministerial Order on 5 January 2006.
4.Articles 3, 4, 6, 7 and 10 amended and promulgated by Ministerial Order on 24 May 2007.
5.Articles 9 and 11 amended and promulgated by Ministerial Order on 29 January 2008.
6.Articles 3 and 14 amended and promulgated by Ministerial Order on 12 November 2009.
7.Articles 6, 10, 11, 12 and 14 amended and promulgated by Ministerial Order on 28 September 2018.
8.Articles 3 and 9 amended and promulgated by Ministerial Order on 11 January 2022.
9.Articles 3, 4, 6, 11 and 12 amended and promulgated by Ministerial Order on 21 January 2026.
Content：	Article 1
These Regulations have been established in accordance with Paragraph Two Article 12 of the 
Commodity Inspection Act (the Act).

Article 2
An obligatory inspection applicant (applicant) shall employ the Commodity Inspection Mark (the 
Mark) in accordance with these Regulations, except for those approved by the Bureau of Standards, 
Metrology, and Inspection (BSMI) to be exempt from this requirement.

Article 3
The Mark is comprised of a graphic symbol with an identification number. Unless otherwise 
specified, the identification number shall be placed to the right of or below the graphic symbol.
The graphic symbol for the Mark, named Product Safety Mark, is illustrated in Appendix 1.
The identification number of the Mark shall, depending on the inspection method, consist of a 
Roman letter, a sequence of numbers and/or designated codes as specified below:
1. For batch-by-batch inspection and monitoring inspection: the Roman letter 'C' followed by a 
number sequence, except the following situations:
(1) Type-approved products designated by the BSMI permitting the applicant to print the Mark: the 
Roman letter 'T' followed by a designated code;
(2) Commodities manufactured by organizations with management systems certified by the BSMI 
permitting the applicant to print the Mark: the Roman letter 'Q' with a designated code; and
(3) Commodities designated by the BSMI permitting the applicant to print the Mark: a Roman letter 
'M' with a designated code.
2. Registration of product certification: the Roman letter 'R' followed by a designated code. For 
products designated by the BSMI, the identification number shall consist of the Roman letter “R”, a 
sequence of numbers and a designated code.
3. Declaration of conformity: the Roman letter 'D' followed by a designated code.
The designated codes referred to in subparagraphs 1 and 2 of the preceding paragraph shall be 
specified by the BSMI when granting approval or issuing certificates. For the sequence of numbers 
mentioned in the proviso subparagraph 2 of the preceding paragraph and the designated codes 
mentioned in subparagraph 3 of the preceding paragraph, the applicant shall apply to the BSMI with 
the relevant documents.
Where the designated codes referred to in the preceding paragraph are required, as designated and 
publicly announced by the BSMI, to include a QR code, an application for the QR code shall be 
filed with the BSMI before a certificate is issued or at the time of registration of declaration of 
conformity. For those which have been granted product registration certificates prior to the entry 
into force of the announcement of products to bear QR code, the application for QR code shall be 
made before the products are imported or transported out of the manufacturing premises.

Article 4
The Mark shall be printed in accordance with the following rules:
1. Under batch-by-batch inspection and monitoring inspection: The BSMI shall print the Mark 
labels. However, for the situations specified in items (1) to (3) of subparagraph 1, paragraph 3, 
Article 3, as designated or approved by the BSMI, the applicant may print the Mark labels itself in 
accordance with the applicable requirements.
2. For registration of product certification, the Mark labels shall be printed by the applicant in 
accordance with the applicable requirements.
3. For declaration of conformity, the Mark labels shall be printed by the applicant in accordance 
with the applicable requirements.

Article 5
The inspection mark printed by manufacturers shall use materials that are not easily altered, and the 
content shall be in a clearly identifiable and indelible form affixed permanently to the commodity.

Article 6
The Roman letter "C" Mark labels printed by the BSMI shall be issued upon approval of the 
application for inspection by the applicant. The applicant shall apply the Mark labels onto 
commodities before they are sampled for inspection. However, commodities that have been granted 
prior release by the BSMI may be labeled after sampling.
If the Mark labels have not been applied in accordance with requirements, the BSMI or its 
subsidiary branches (hereinafter referred to as the inspection authority) may send its personnel to 
supervise the method by which the Mark labels are applied.

Article 7
The applicant shall record on the inspection application form the identification numbers of products 
undergone batch-by-batch inspection and monitoring inspection.

Article 8
The Mark should be applied in a prominent place on a commodity. Other marks applied to a 
commodity that are likely to be confused with the Mark shall be prohibited.
The prominent place mentioned in the previous paragraph shall mean a position next to the plate, 
brand or trademark of a commodity and easily to be identified.

Article 9
An applicant shall apply the Mark on the body of a commodity; however, if the commodity is too 
small or for other specific causes to accommodate the Mark, it shall be affixed in accordance with 
the following methods:
1. If the commodity is packaged, the Mark shall be applied to its smallest package;
2. If the commodity is not packaged, or if it is not appropriate to apply the Mark to the packaging, 
the mark may be attached to the commodity by hang tags;
3. If applying the Mark to the packaging or by hang tags is not appropriate, the Mark shall be put 
inside the packaging;
4. The Mark may be applied to a commodity by other methods approved by the BSMI.
For products announced by the BSMI to include a QR code in the designated code, the methods 
mentioned in subparagraphs 1 to 4 of the above paragraph may apply to affixing the QR code.

Article 10
An applicant with commodities that have complied with inspection requirements for three 
consecutive applications may fill application forms and attach related proof documents to apply for 
pre-purchasing an appropriate amount of Roman letter "C" Mark labels. These pre-purchased Mark 
labels shall be fully used, cancelled by, or returned to the inspection authority within 6 months. The 
applicant may apply for a single extension of no more than six months if the Mark labels are not 
fully used within the specified period.
Where the pre-chased Mark labels are not fully used, cancelled or returned in accordance with the 
preceding paragraph the right to pre-purchase the Mark labels will be suspended. The inspection 
authority shall check the status of those pre-purchased Mark labels and not approve any further 
pre-purchasing until they are fully used, cancelled or returned.
The inspection authority shall prepare individual record books to record the issued pre-purchased 
Mark labels.
The applicant shall be responsible for custody of the pre-purchased Mark labels. If the Mark labels 
are lost or damaged, the applicant shall immediately report the identification numbers of the lost or 
damaged Mark labels to the inspection authority where they were pre-purchased.

Article 11
If the applicant fails to use the pre-purchased Mark labels in accordance with paragraph 4 of the 
preceding Article, lose the Mark labels for twice or more, or the commodities do not comply with 
requirements after inspection, the applicant’s right to pre-purchase Mark labels shall be immediately 
revoked.
The applicant’s right to pre-purchase Mark labels may be restored if three consecutive batches of 
commodities submitted by the applicant for inspection pass inspection.
If the applicant obtains permission from the BSMI to print the Mark labels on the commodities in 
accordance with item 3, subparagraph 1, paragraph 3, Article 3 and have any of the following 
situations, the BSMI may rescind the permission it granted to the applicant for printing the Mark 
labels on commodities:
1. Where the applicant’s business is closed, or the applicant is untraceable,or no application for 
inspection had been made for more than 2 years.
2. Where the Mark is found to be printed on products not approved by the BSMI; or
3. Where the products have been found to be not bearing the Mark for two times or more.
The applicants of whom the permission for printing the Mark labels on commodities is rescinded, as 
mentioned in the preceding paragraph, shall be able to make a new application for permission 3 
months after the date of rescission and after compliance with the inspection requirements for a 
consecutive 3 batches of commodities.

Article 12
If the Mark labels issued by the BSMI during the application of inspection are not used, the 
applicant shall apply for cancellation or return these Mark labels in accordance with the following 
requirements:
1. If the inspection application is withdrawn by the applicant due to an insufficient quantity of 
commodities or incomplete packaging, the unused Mark labels must be returned;
2. If during on-site sampling or inspection it is found that the quantity of commodities does not 
reach the quantity specified in the inspection application, the quantity specified in the application 
should be corrected. The surplus Mark labels are allowed to be returned if there are more than one 
hundred well preserved Mark labels in sequence, or cancelled directly if there are less than one 
hundred ones or there are more than one hundred ones but not in sequence or not well preserved.
Where the unused Mark labels referred to in the preceding paragraph cannot be written off or used 
up within the time limit specified in paragraph 1, Article 10 due to justifiable reasons, the unused 
Mark labels can still be returned if the amount is more than one hundred and the labels are intact 
with serial numbers in sequence. The inspection authority shall directly cancel such Mark labels if 
the amount is less than one hundred, or if the amount is more than one hundred but the labels are not 
well preserved or the serial numbers are not in sequence.
An applicant who returns Mark labels in accordance with the preceding two paragraphs may,within 
one year from the date of return, apply for a refund of the certificate fees related to such Mark 
labels.

Article 13
The quantity of commodities that the sampling personnel checks to verify the use of Mark labels 
shall be two to three times of the quantity of sampled commodities for inspection or boxes opened 
for inspection. Commodities sampled to check the Mark labels shall have the Mark label 
identification numbers recorded in the sampling report. If there are discrepancies between the 
results of the check and those specified in the application form, the case shall be dealt with in 
accordance with related regulations.

Article 14
If commodities do not comply with the requirements under batch-by-batch inspection or monitoring 
inspection, the inspection authority shall send its personnel to the storage place of the commodities 
and cancel the Mark labels with receipt issued to the applicant within 15 days after the next day of 
issuance of the non-conformity notice. If the application for re-inspection or a new application for 
inspection is filed and the applicant ensures the integrity of the Mark labels by signing written 
declaration, these Mark labels may not be cancelled after gaining approval from the inspection 
authority.
The applicant shall file a new application for inspection within 6months for commodities of which 
the inspection Mark labels are not cancelled in accordance with the preceding paragraph. The 
inspection authority shall immediately send its personnel to cancel the Mark labels if the applicant is 
not able to file such application within the specified period.

Article 15
A new application for Mark labels shall be submitted if commodities have any of the following 
problems:
1. The packaging has been changed;
2. A new application for inspection has been made in accordance with Article 27 of the Act;
3. The Mark labels have been damaged;
4. The Mark labels have been lost.

Article 16
These Regulations shall take effect from the date of promulgation.
 
Attachments：	
Appendix 1.pdf
:::
Address：No.15, Fuzhou St., Zhongzheng Dist., Taipei City 100210, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
Tel：+886-2-2321-2200 Fax：+886-2-2397-4667
The number of visitors：42,924,992