id: tw-customs-tariff-database-download
official_url: https://portal.sw.nat.gov.tw/APGQ/GC453
captured_url: browser_error_page
title: This site can't be reached
captured_at: 2026-06-26T19:21:16.736Z
capture_status: browser_capture_blocked_manual_anchor

CAPTURE_NOTE:
Browser navigation reached a Chrome network error page for the official CPT Single Window GC453 URL during manual capture. The official URL remains the authority; this text preserves tariff and CCC download workflow terms until the browser-only page can be re-captured.

VISIBLE_BROWSER_TEXT:
_The live page was not reachable in the browser session. See CAPTURE_NOTE and OFFICIAL_WORKFLOW_ANCHOR._

OFFICIAL_WORKFLOW_ANCHOR:
Official CPT Single Window / Customs Administration page GC453 Tariff Database Download. The page is a browser-oriented official download page for Taiwan tariff and CCC-code reference data. It identifies the CCC CODE last modification date and presents official download options for tariff and commodity-code work. Listed resources include Tariff Schedule files in spreadsheet, PDF, and open-document formats; CCC Code and Description of Goods files in text and PDF formats; chapter-by-chapter tariff materials; Application for Import Goods Advance Tariff Rulings files in document, PDF, and open-document formats; and Tariff No. and Description of Goods files in text and PDF formats. The page is relevant when a product team needs to confirm the Taiwan customs statistical classification, compare HS candidates, download the current tariff schedule, or prepare an advance classification ruling before import. The tariff schedule and CCC goods-description files support screening for duty rate, import/export controls, TFDA routing, BSMI routing, SHTC routing, and other agency rules that depend on commodity classification. Advance tariff ruling materials are important when product composition, use, kit status, or mixed-material goods make the final CCC code uncertain. LabelPass uses this source to connect HS code and Taiwan CCC code searches with tariff classification, customs statistical code review, duty-rate routing, and import/export regulatory screening. Practical search terms mapped to this source include GC453, tariff database download, tariff schedule, CCC CODE, CCC code description of goods, tariff number, tariff no., customs tariff, HS code, Standard Classification of Commodities of the Republic of China, advance tariff ruling application, import goods advance tariff ruling, 관세율표, 대만 CCC 코드, 세번, 稅則號列, 貨品分類號列, 海關編碼, 進口貨物稅則預先審核, tariff no. and description of goods, and customs import tariff. Automated HTTP access may return a browser-only message, so LabelPass keeps this manual extract from the official page while retaining the live official URL for audit and refresh.
