id: tw-tfda-illegal-advertising-query
official_url: http://pmds.fda.gov.tw/illegalad/
captured_url: browser_error_page
title: This site can't be reached
captured_at: 2026-06-26T19:21:16.736Z
capture_status: browser_capture_blocked_manual_anchor

CAPTURE_NOTE:
Browser navigation reached a Chrome network error page for the official PMDS illegal-advertising query URL during manual capture. The official URL remains the authority; this text preserves the enforcement lookup workflow terms until the legacy portal can be re-captured.

VISIBLE_BROWSER_TEXT:
_The live page was not reachable in the browser session. See CAPTURE_NOTE and OFFICIAL_WORKFLOW_ANCHOR._

OFFICIAL_WORKFLOW_ANCHOR:
Official TFDA / PMDS illegal food, drug, and cosmetics advertising query system for enforcement lookup. Use this as a companion source when screening Taiwan food or cosmetics label claims, health-food effects, medical-efficacy wording, false or exaggerated advertising, therapeutic implication, before-after claims, and missing substantiation. The system is operational rather than explanatory: reviewers should use it to compare risky wording against violation records and enforcement examples for food, drug, and cosmetics advertising. In LabelPass, route claim-heavy products here when the label or marketing draft mentions disease treatment, body-function improvement, slimming, whitening, anti-inflammatory, antibacterial, detox, immune, medical efficacy, or approved health-care effects. The review workflow should record the search keyword, product category, brand or product name, wording under review, and whether a similar violation appears in the query result. For Taiwan food, pair this lookup with false, exaggerated, misleading, or medical-efficacy claim rules, nutrition-claim guidance, sweetness-claim guidance, health-food permit checks, and special disease formula permit checks. For Taiwan cosmetics, pair it with cosmetic labeling and claims criteria, product notification, PIF substantiation, restricted ingredient evidence, and adverse-event or recall routing when safety claims are involved. The source should trigger a conservative result when marketing copy implies treatment, prevention, diagnosis, cure, body-structure change, disease-specific benefit, guaranteed effect, or government approval beyond the actual permit scope. It should also be used during Korean-to-Traditional-Chinese claim translation review, because the same Korean ingredient or efficacy wording may map to multiple Taiwan enforcement terms. Store search keywords and screenshots in the review file when a close precedent is found, then link the result back to the product claim, evidence document, and final label decision. If the portal is not reachable by automated collection, keep this manual record as the stable knowledge anchor and refresh by browser capture when the site is available.
